Weapon ideas for the game. There are 3 different weapons per level. Weapons on each level are meant to be used in combination
with each other, but

|||||Level 1 weapons|||||
Purpose of these weapons is to have them be weak, but not very resource heavy (not depend too much on ammo and cool-downs). Ultimate gain on these weapons
is fast, but the ultimates (and secondary abilities) themselves are not powerful offensively and provide more utility for escape. Offensive usage is possible,
but is not a primary source of damage. These weapons are useful as a get-away tool when you do not possess more powerful tools in the late-game and serve as good
early-game weapons offensively with different play-styles.

KE-L 
Description: Compressed kinetic energy pistol.
Ammo Capacity: 10
Primary fire: Kinetic orbs: Bouncy projectiles.
Mod: Propulsive energy: Knock yourself and enemies away.
Super: Propulsive bubble: Large bubble moving enemies caught in it.

Firewall
Description: Incendiary shotgun.
Ammo Capacity: 4
Primary Attack: Dragon's Breath: Close-range flame blasts.
Mod: Incendiary Wave: Burn effect wave shot.
Super: Napalm Gas: Blanket your surroundings with a flammable gas.

Fusion .238
Description: Corrosive tactical pistol.
Ammo Capacity: 14
Primary Attack: Uranium chunks: Fast radioactive bullets.
Mod: Rad-guardian: Enemies in line of sight attack slower and get slowed down.
Super: Tactical corrosion: Projectile that weakens a targets damage and health.

|||||Level 2 weapons|||||
This stage of weapons deal more damage than the first stage of weapons, and the abilities are focused on creating a team composition
where each teammate fills a positional role (e.g. sniper, mid range, front line). The secondary abilities and ultimates are there to
enforce those roles, but are not used as an offensive tool directly (like damage).

C-KER 90
Description: Belt-fed tracking rifle.
Ammo Capacity: 10
Primary Attack: Sonar rounds: Arcing sticky projectile with tracking abilities.
Mod: Tracker scope: Turn your view and track enemies near your sonar rounds.
Super: Seeker smoke: Blanket a large area with a vision impaling tracking smoke.

Falchion SLR
Description: Rocket powered hunting rifle
Ammo Capacity: 12
Primary Attack: Fast trigger rifle: Rapid-fire automatic bullets.
Mod: Bayonet charge: Charge towards an enemy and deal damage on contact.
Super: Rocket knight: Bayonet dash rampage.

Aqua SLG
Description: Automatic Icicle Rifle
Ammo Capacity: 25
Primary Attack: Ice bullets: Fully automatic ice rifle.
Mod: Water jump: Activate a second jump.
Super: Steam Blast: Deal damage to and knock back nearby enemies.

|||||Level 3 weapons|||||
Weapons in this stage are all explosive and are focused on dealing high damage. Secondary abilities are focused on dealing damage
in different ways. Positional role enforcement is not as strict on these weapons, however they provide a different play-style on
dealing damage, as well as providing some utility along with it.

KE-6H
Description: Compressed kinetic energy rifle, predecessor to the KE-L.
Ammo Capacity: 8
Primary Attack: Kinetic bomb: Explosive bouncy projectile.
Mod: Kinetic implosion: Retract all roaming bombs into one spot and detonate them.
Super: Propulsive scatter: Ticking energy bomb scattering bouncy projectile.

AE Motorizer
Description: Motor driven death machine.
Ammo Capacity: 36
Primary Attack: Gust Rockets: Burst micro missile launcher.
Mod: Whirlwind: Lock down enemies hit by your whirlwind.
Super: Salvo storm: Move enemies towards your salvo of rockets.

SEW-9
Description: Electric Missile Launcher
Ammo Capacity: 1
Primary Attack: Sphere Missile: Guided electric explosive.
Mod: Eye of the volt: View your missile's location with improved damage.
Super: Short-Circuiting: Wall-penetrating electric shock.

|||||Level 4 weapons|||||
These weapons are strictly meant to be powerful, versatile and easy to use, but have some drawbacks to balance them. These can be used in
many situations and can serve as a carry for your team if they are not as good at team-play. The main purpose is to place them at the end
of the game or in loot drops where combat is inevitable.

Hadron Railgun
Description: Hadron particle cannon
Ammo Capacity: 15
Primary Attack: Hadron wave: Laser shot with proportional damage to charge time. Let go of trigger to fire. Leaves a trail that damages enemies.
Mod: Brute shot: Constant beam with explosion effect at the end.
Super: Quantum core: Huge powerful constant beam.

3.93 World-Line
Description: Space-time manipulator
Ammo Capacity: 1
Primary Attack: Wormhole: Arcing projectile with wormhole effect on impact.
Mod: Tunnel punch: Teleport to any visible location.
Super: Space-time ally: Spawn a clone of yourself attacking enemies.

Interlux
Description: Light bender
Ammo Capacity: 4
Primary Attack: Phocus: Bouncing light beam with connected damage.
Mod: Lux Aeterna: Large protective light barrier.
Super: Esto perpetua: Steal life from everyone on screen.