Name: "KE-L"
Description: "Compressed kinetic energy pistol."
Level: 1
Primary Fire: "Kinetic orbs": Automatic pistol that fires bouncy projectiles
Mod: "Kinetic energy": Fire a wave of kinetic energy that knocks enemies far back
Super: "Kinetic bubble": Launch a big projectile that moves enemies caught in it in its moving direction
                         It moves through walls.

Name: "KE-6H"
Description: "Compressed kinetic energy rifle, predecessor to the KE-L."
Level: 3
Primary Attack: "Kinetic bomb": Explosive projectile
Mod (Ability): "Kinetic matrix": Create a square shield around yourself.
Super (Ultimate): "Kinetic scatter blast": Fire a slow projectile that scatters many small low damage bouncy projectiles upon detonation.


Name: "M1-Falcon"
Description: "Rocket powered hunting rifle."
Level: 2
Primary Attack: "Semi-automatic rifle": Fire bullets at a moderate fire rate with moderate damage.
Mod: "Rocket bayonet charge": Charge towards an enemy in only one ground direction at high speed and deal high damage with your bayonet upon contect.
Super: "Rocket bayonet overcharge": Your primary fire is replaced with infinite bayonet charges that can launch in any direction for a short time.


Name: "B.I.G Motorizer"
Description: "Motor driven death machine."
Level: 3
Primary Attack: "Charged salvo": Fully automatic with charge-up time light machine gun that fires
                 20mm light explosive rounds with slow travel time and harmonic movement.
Mod: "Thunder pulse": Charge up and fire a thunder laser from the motor that stuns enemies hit by it.
Super: "Transform": Transform the weapon up to 3 times to give it upgrades.
1st form: Precision Choke - Rounds travel directly
2nd form: Turbo Engine - No charge-up time but fire at a slow fire rate that builds up as you fire
3nd form: EMP Engine - Use Thunder Pulse as you fire


Name: "SG-BackFire"
Description: "Incendiary shotgun."
Level 1:
Primary Attack: "Dragon's Breath": Fire close range shotgun shells that knock you back slightly when fired
Mod: "Incendiary Wave": Unleash a wave of fire that burns an enemy when in very close proximity. Deals damage over time.
Super: "Napalm Blast": Blanket a large area of fire.


Name: "Hamilton P336"
Description: "Advanced tech tactical pistol."
Level: 1
Primary Attack: "Semi-automatic pistol": Slow firing low damage pistol.
Mod: "Select fire": Toggle fire mode to rapid full auto.
Super: "Smart split-barrel": Lock on to multiple targets and fire at them simultaneously.

Name: "90-Cal":
Description: "Anti-tank rifle"
Level: 2
Primary Attack: "Heavy bolt-action rifle": Fire a large fast arcing projectile dealing high damage
Mod: "Enhanced zoom scope": Zoom out and see a larger portion of the map
Super: "Heavy rifling": Mount the weapon to the ground to fire a single hit-scan shot that instantly kills an enemy
                        and does collateral damage.

Name: "Hadron Rail-Gun"
Description: "Hadron particle cannon"
Level: 3
Primary Attack: "Hadron beam": Hit-scan constant limited beam
Mod: "Charged zoom": Zoom out and see a larger portion of the map while charging up a long range beam that deals more
                     damage the more it's charged
Super: "":


Name "WorldLine"
Description: "Space-time manipulator"
Level: 4
Primary Attack: "Wormhole": Fire an arcing projectile that creates a wormhole on tile impact only. Reload every shot.
                            The wormhole lasts for 2 seconds and deals damage over time on enemies caught in it.
Mod: "Space-time tunnel": Place a portal wherever you see on the map. Uses one ammo.
Super: ""

Name: "SEW-230"
Description: "Electric Missile Launcher"
Level: 3
Ammo Capacity: 1
Primary Attack: "Sphere Missile": Launch a sphere which follows the cursor. Electric discharge on impact, damaging nearby players.
Mod: "Zoomed missile": Sphere follows your mouse, and outside camera boundaries. Lasts for 5 seconds.
Super: "Short-Circuiting": Electric overload. Electric beams stream from the launcher damaging nearby players. Controllable.

Name: "LiqAK"
Description: "Automatic Rifle"
Level: 2
Ammo Capacity: 25
Primary Attack: "Automatic Shooting": Shoot fast medium-bullets with high recoil.
Mod: "Cargo bolt": All bullets in the magazine fired at once. Higher recoil. Less damage per shot.
Super: "Heavy Metal": Ammo Capacity set to 100 and autofilled with bullets. No recoil. Shoots automatically every round. Super fast.